[expo] install expo/fetch as default (#44987)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/expo.mdx

console.log(buffer.length); // 512
```

> > **Note:** On Android and iOS, `expo/fetch` is also installed as the global `fetch`, so calls to `fetch(...)` without importing from `expo/fetch` use the same WinterCG-compliant implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** On Android and iOS, `expo/fetch` is also installed as the global `fetch`. This means any calls to `fetch(...)` without importing from `expo/fetch` use the same WinterCG-compliant implementation.
```

> To keep React Native's built-in `fetch` as the global instead, set `EXPO_PUBLIC_USE_RN_FETCH=1` [in your environment variables](/guides/environment-variables/). Named imports from `expo/fetch` continue to work regardless of this flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep React Native's built-in `fetch` as the global, set `EXPO_PUBLIC_USE_RN_FETCH=1` in your [environment variables](/guides/environment-variables/). Named imports from `expo/fetch` continue to work regardless of this flag.
```

should this be part of the callout above?
